the easy recipe open beef meat
ingredients for pasta 20 grams of
instant biological yeast two
spoons of sugar a spoonful of salt one
cup of oil two cups of water
a pound of wheat flour
ingredients for the half cup filling
of oil a pound of ground duckling two
big onions a can of tomato
peeled 2 cloves garlic salt and pepper
kingdom to taste two tablespoons of pepper
Syria and a glass of natural yoghurt
other ingredients half a cup of cornmeal
oil for assembling baking sheets and olive oil
prepare the dough in a mixing bowl
the yeast sugar and the yeast stir well
add the oil and warm water it should
being at 35 degrees on average
do not use too much hot water stir well
stir in flour gradually stirring
well to form a smooth and even mass
reserve and a half cup of flour to
work with pasta and sprinkle flour
on a surface make balls with the dough
cover with a plastic
resting for the pasta to grow for 30
minutes
preparing the filling of meat life in
four pieces to fry
not to create water in a pan
large sauté each piece of meat with
two tablespoons oil fry only
to take red from meat
stir well so it fixed had reservation in
a bowl and preserves the broth of the meat
do not throw away this broth not to
to dry the filling in a pan with
two tablespoons oil sauté the onion
until wither
add the garlic cloves and fry until
to gild
mix well and reserve the meat with
the Syrian pepper stirring well
add salt and stir well to incorporate
chopped onion and garlic peeled tomatoes and
tomato sauce
add the natural yogurt
taste and add the black pepper to
taste
the oven to the temperature
maximum or 300 degree last baking dish with
oil and cornmeal on a surface
sprinkle the cornmeal and the wheat flour
to open the dough
take a portion of dough make a
ball and open passing over the
flour with your fingertips making
circular movements open leaving a
edge to the filling stay in the middle
Place the pasta in the nightcap and stuff
removing excess liquid
remember to leave the edges free
bake for approximately 10 minutes until
to gild
you can make and rip big
medium or small
depending on your taste, drizzle with the
olive oil and good appetite
subscribe to our channel and enjoy the video
send suggestions or recipe requests
in our email
thanks